all right J ultimate soulmate test right
now think of a number 1 through 10 this
is no my number wasn't a queue is it
I don't know that ones facing you same
card right same answer right ok I don't
know honey
listen there's like 52 in here you want
to just breeze by them three at a time I
really I just answer your phone how
about this curious oh my gasps mom what
she says hi hey not to you she says who
are you talking to
well then just not to you right I know
it's dad's birthday oh I already called
him like I don't know last year what
does it matter when oh hello yes okay
fine did you want to see how Jake's
doing who's Jake who are you what was
that I don't know it's just like every
fucking year around this time she's I
call your dad it's his birthday this
might be his last birthday it's like
don't you have a job
does she yes she's a registered nurse
my dad is like this toolbox
extraordinaire pains me to call him what
does that even mean
all right perfect example last day of
college right he comes to pick me up in
a u-haul right off the bat that's
fucking nuts oh but this guy honks the
horn to get my attention
I freaked I mean tell me you understand
if that's I mean that's a classic
example he's a pediatrician which sounds
like ooh cool you're a doctor but yeah a
doctor for kids that's really that's a
really noble profession I know it's so
noble it's like you don't know cuz Noble
is a good thing I know that
now Jake do you ever wonder how on your
first date chose to sit at that desk
instead of that one yeah I think about
sister number